Hey everybody, welcome to the beautiful Dine-A-C typewriter, how's everybody doing tonight?
Harmontown is now in session, you know what that means, let's give it up for our Dungeon
Master Spencer Crittenden, I'm Rob Trabbe, I'm cop trolling tonight, thanks mom, let's
give it up for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon, yeah, Dan Harmon, yeah.
Thank you, thank you to my friends for showing up and supporting me, thank you, thank you
to the audience for coming in and standing in line and buying a ticket at the right
time.
Damn, seems like back in the day you used to not come here the regular way, you used
to come in a different way, and now it just seems like every time you come this other way.
What happened to us, damn, I want to bring that back till the break is done, making love
to you, damn.
Okay, all right, what was the name of that song?
I don't know, back in the day.
So effort, lazy, lazy, lazy comedically, lazy creatively, lazy musically.
Lazy opener, yeah, but also kind of in a positive way, like rolling out into the ocean, not a
beached whale, the original whale to become a whale, after going like, I don't want to
be a giant hippo, there's no market for this, I took a wrong turn at the Albuquerque of
Tarwinian progress, like I somehow am basically like a big, blubbery pig on a beach.
If these giant ham hocks were flippers, I could be the most powerful fucker in the ocean.
I'm doing it, I'm going back, Todd, don't!
Those are pre-whale, pre-aquatic whales, Steve Levy, Ice Bucket.
Pre-whales, pre-whales, I went back to the water whale that I am, I also went back to
the water, hey guys, what was I, am I not supposed to interpret that as you, he's practicing
he needs to get in some errors, Rob is practicing hosting, because he's going to moderate run
a Red Lobster.
Table for five, follow that guy, pretty easy, pretty, doesn't seem that hard, a lot of the
work seems to be being done by that guy and even the customer, follow that guy, yeah.
It's a bit easy, it's not too, it's a bit easy.
What is the deal with, when you go to a restaurant that has a host and also waiter people, is
the host, is that a person, is it like the military, is it like the military where officer
school is different from enlisted men, I was surprised to find out that never the twain
shall meet.
Yeah, the hosts are on the fast track, they get promoted to metal manager or whatever.
They've never scrubbed a dish, possibly some of them have, some of them haven't, but at
any rate, that's not really, they're like, I'd like to host.
Well I believe that host is usually where you start and then you work up to waiter because
then you get tips.
Oh, the host is more like a shadow program, like Wonder Mutt at the Hall of Justice, yeah.
I understand that sound you made, well because you're picturing a laborer and now I'm comparing
them to an animal.
Yes.
But what an animal.
First name is Wonder, yeah, exactly.
I was more thinking in terms of the strata, like where you start, you're kind of in training
because you're kind of like hanging back, but when you're the customer, you're perceiving
the host as like some kind of, like they have power over things, I don't know, or at least
I did.
Yeah, they have a power over hospitality, like they're welcoming you.
It feels like it's their place, but no, they can't even wait.
I'm very conscious of my body today, I was inventorying my mood, that's a new word, inventorying,
and I was like, I think maybe consciousness of your body should be like a mood, like sometimes
you just feel, you're just like, there's nothing you're going to be able to do, sometimes
you feel a little handsome.
That's not, no, I did a little bit there at the end, I rift, I was like, go 90 degrees
now, because like, what are you doing, you're telling them you feel fat, like what is your
show and who are you, why are you talking into a microphone, who are they, what are
they supposed to think about themselves?
We're going to answer all these questions tonight on Dan Harmon's Harmontown.
So Rob's going to be moderating the Rick and Morty Comic-Con panel, so he wants to practice
hosting.
Yeah, I want to practice, and I don't want it to turn into Harmontown, because no one
wins that way.
But you want to, well, yeah, and you picked a great place to practice.
Well, no, no, no, hear me out, I'm usually not comptrolling, I'm usually here, and I
usually come out, and you ignore me, and the only way I'm going to make it worth my drive
here is pissing you off, so if I'm comptrolling, I'm kind of, you know, I have a job to do,
you've said hi to me tonight, so, you know, bonus, win, win, win.
I've got so much win.
It is different, maybe I'm an elitist, and I think of hosts differently than guests,
and busboys, like, it's connected, I'm thinking the same thing at a Benignans as I am in my
stage craft, which hosts are important.
You've done how many Comic-Con panels?
Let's be serious for a second.
Well, okay, so probably, there's been, like, what, three Rick and Morty ones, and then
yeah, about three or five news.
Well, let's just talk about Rick and Morty, okay, just talk about him.
Okay, well, I'll go four, I think Rick and Morty's probably got four big panels.
What are some do's and don'ts?
Give me, start with the do's, go.
Number one.
I think, well, I think that big crowd dynamics in general, but you and I wrote on awards
shows together.
One and Emmy.
Kid.
But, you know, and so you're familiar with the kind, I don't have to advise you on this,
but it's like, Hall H is like 3,000 people, like, or 6,000, how many does Hall H hold?
Many, many thousands.
I don't think that'll be a problem.
My voice kind of carries.
You know, crowds are different, like 150 people, like they, it's like you could get
a laugh off of clearing your throat at the right time or taking the right pause and there's
an interface and then the larger the crowd gets, it's not, they're dumber, it's just
that they're kind of wearing gloves on their feelings, so like you're, it just, people
make the mistake of thinking that that means that you have to dumb everything down.
It's very close to that, but it's not, I think that's a negative thing to think that 3,000
people aren't smarter than 150 people, but just in a different way.
They're like, you're dealing with like a kind of like more of a on-off, like Frankenstein
switch than a light switch in terms of like, you want to like be big and crisp with your
hair, hey, who here wants to react to the word sandwich?
And then you're like, shugunk, you know, well then it's just, it's just more, it's more
of a big, it's a bigger, simpler, but more powerful machine.
Is there anybody here going to Comic Con this year, anybody?
Two people.
All right.
We'll see you in there.
We'll see you in this room.
That's riveting.
Maybe they've seen you enough.
Yeah.
So, sorry, and then let's segue into, one of your jobs is going to be to introduce everybody.
Right.
Is there a story of somebody not doing that, right?
No.
We, we, we, we, We didn't Ryan Ridley come out dressed like...
You guys remember Ryan Ridley?
Well, I will, I will, I will let Ryan Ridley, I think we've already talked about it on the
show.
Ryan does a great job of explaining, like, what, what, what, what, what.
I watched it online.
It was way funnier than you told it, because it's, Ryan, Ryan, for those of you who don't
know what we're talking about, Ryan Ridley, who was a writer on Rick and Morty, came out,
he moderated, and he dressed up like a king of whatever, you know, something.
He was a king, but like a king from a pack of cards almost.
Right.
He spent, he didn't like go, oh, I'm going to make a crown.
And I'm going to get like my, oh, shitty wig or whatever.
He spent some time on this costume.
And then he comes out and he, like, and it's a huge room.
So the silence is deafening.
So he comes out and he's like, eh, expecting people to be laughing already.
And it's, he sits there for a long time.
Because the joke was, and it's a brilliant joke, Ryan's very, he's a genius, like, like
the joke was that Game of Thrones panel was after ours and he was just there to, you know,
kill the time, like, like the audience was waiting for, to get, he, he took the moderating
gig so he could be at the Game of Thrones panel kind of thing.
It didn't go over well.
Well, because again, he looked like a deck of cards and he never said who he was.
Yeah, he never, he never said, he didn't really kind of set up the bit for it to land.
Well, and also, like, after it kind of like hit the skids, my memory is that he also never
at any point said, by the way, my name is Ryan Ridley, I work on the show.
I'm responsible for you, you like me, you just don't know, like, because a lot of the
panels will be moderated by like some guy from Buzzfeed or something and I'm not diminishing
that.
It's just that people are used to in those halls with like, we don't, we don't, this
person may be good at this job, bad at this job, inevitably who cares?
Because like, what is being good or bad at that job, like, when the people are like,
I just think the people are there to like, like, I don't want to use the word worship
because we tend to punish, like, you know, like we, I don't know, we have like a negative
view of like fandom in general kind of still, but, but like, you know, Comic Con is a mecca,
we have journeyed there, blah, blah, blah, it is, the Kool-Aid is real.
It's like, it's like, it's, it's, the Kool-Aid doesn't kill you, it's just good to drink
it.
And it take, because it's Kool-Aid, it tastes great.
And it's like, the people are in this room of like, at least we can all fucking express
that we love the Simpsons for the next 45 minutes without loving it wrong or like someone
like letting us know that it was ugly the way we liked the Simpsons.
It's like, it's like, it's just, there's something really powerful about that that
probably is the same thing going on at a Grateful Dead concert, Burning Man, whatever.
Why am I explaining audiences?
Why don't we practice bringing people out, because that's going to be a big, that's the
moderator thing.
It's like, they're like there and, and like, they're like, who does this guy think he is?
The meters, that meter's running, because like, it's like,
But according to you, there's no way I can screw this up.
Well, what about like, you're saying, you're saying, who cares?
So I should just go on and be myself.
Oh yeah.
They'll love that.
Why don't you bring someone out?
Okay.
Ladies and gentlemen, from his tour of America, is Jeff Bryan Davis from Whose Line Is It
Anyway?
Welcome back.
This is Jeff Davis's first win.
He's been on many different episodes of this podcast.
Jeff Davis.
Jeff Davis is now doing.
Oh no.
Oh damn.
Okay.
All right.
They just made out, no, no, no, I'm not kissing you.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Oh, well, if you're going to do it that way.
That's like the fifth time I've made out with a man for comedy in 20 years and like,
but it's all potent now.
Like I'm like, yeah, I'm sorry, I was like, is there, the whole time I was going, Oh,
is there such a thing called, is there gay face now?
Is there like a, like Jeff Davis?
What do you think?
Is there gay face?
Hey, that's a great interviewing question.
Thank you.
You are fucking ready to go.
You know, I've been rehearsing.
Yeah.
The pump has been primed.
You are ready.
But I was also distracted by your tender lips.
It was a loved kissing.
It got kind of good there.
I was like, I was like, I do this.
There was a moment when we crossed, I mean, I don't know about you, I felt we crossed
the threshold into kind of a, like a, a real thing.
Yeah.
Like I don't think I've ever felt the tender touch of another human being in the way that
we experienced that just now.
Okay.
Good.
Same page club.
Also, if you, if you spend $5, you can see this on, for the subscription.
Yeah.
You can see Dan and me make up.
We never said anything during all of Pride Month, by the way, we miss Pride Month.
Like, I don't know.
We'll say it now.
I want to remind people that remember our guest, David Cummings, he is like, like Pride Month
continues to be really like, strongly celebrated in horror fiction podcasts, like, or I'll
just say the no sleep podcast, like they just do a fucking great job of like rolling out
the LGBTQ carpet while without, and it's like, it's, it feels, you feel, you feel like you've
done something for anyone by listening, but you feel also feel like you're cheating because
you're like, but it's better.
These stories about stories from gay couple perspectives that are about like not like how
that are about like a hook coming through a window or like, it's like, it's more compelling.
It's like here, you're, it's, it's better horror.
Rob.
I have a question for that.
Where did the hook come from?
I don't know.
I got, I got high before the show interview.
The hook coming from the window is cool idea.
So what, what, what do you, yeah, like Rob, like, or what do you want to pretend it's
a panel and get real hands on practice there?
Yeah.
Do you want to do some real like, yes, I guess, but are we pretending that, do you want to
try pandering?
Let's say like, get some pandering in, Dan, or Spencer, why don't you pitch me as a panelist
like, like someone that Rob has to interview on the panel, all right, and I'll be that
person.
Rob, what do you think about this?
Jeff is the guy who plays Morty.
Okay.
So Justin, yeah.
So what's the nastiest, sickest, sexiest, like most like, oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh, fuck,
oh, offensive thing that ever happened behind the scenes at Rick and Morty.
Oh, well, one time we were in the edit bay, we were in the edit bay and, and Dan came
into the edit bay with me and we just started really, really getting on each other's balls.
And I mean, like, not in like a kissy, like touchy way, but we just, we really got on
each other's balls.
Oh, that's, yeah.
And that's, and that's how, that's how we broke season four.
Wow.
Okay.
Is that why the show takes so long to make?
Yeah.
That's another thing you want to hit a lot.
When's the show coming out?
What's taking so long?
Why is the show coming out?
What would be the best?
Why is it so hard to make the damn show?
Yeah.
Why?
Where are you at right now, Harmon?
You and Justin, like where, in your 70 episode, Odyssey, 70 episodes, I don't like 70 anything.
How are you?
Where are you?
Three?
I mean, what the fuck are you gonna do?
What the fuck are you faking?
What the fuck?
You bought a house with a giant pool.
Jesus.
You're gonna fucking die broke.
Oh my God.
You shine paperwork.
There's no way that this is even humanly possible.
And if it is, it's not even gonna be good.
Yeah, you know, they're gonna be shit.
Yeah.
A.V.
Clarke.
This is Justin Roy, let's say that.
I noticed, here's something, okay, I'm breaking the shit.
This is me just breaking down.
I was, I was looking at other cues and a panels and I noticed you were doing your homework.
He really is.
I, well, I don't phone anything in.
Rob gave an insulting response to a high five.
He will phone in a high five.
Well, I cut my finger.
I didn't.
Oh, okay.
You don't want to give me your age.
You could make me feel better.
Rob has AIDS.
It's okay.
We can talk about it.
It's adorable.
I noticed that your fans don't audition when they ask questions.
Usually like when I've done panels, it's usually like, hello there, just one is new.
And then they do like this very, they've been rehearsing this bit and then it comes off very
like the whole audience goes what or whatever, but your, your, your fans at Rick and Morning
fans, they're like, why did Doc do this or what's in his bottle or are those both trash
cans from the, the, the Smith house or did he steal those or, or what, you know, like
they have very specific question, which kind of cool, right?
I mean, that's not really a question, but this is a, I don't know if you've noticed
that.
I think there's, well, I guess I haven't is my answer because I've only done panels
for community and Rick and Morty and I, I don't, there's not a lot of like, I think
there's like a self policing kind of enzyme in the air.
People that might otherwise, like they want to, they want to, they want to contribute to
like this very short runtime, you know, they don't want to be the one that asks the question
that causes other people a problem of some kind, you know, like there's a lot of pressure,
like you're lining up to ask your question into the mic and every once in a while, there's
people that take us a shot at the moon with some kind of larger than just a regular question
bit, but like 80% of those actually work, like they're good, like if somebody is just
like in a costume and they go like, I have one question, when am I coming back?
It's like, oh, Bluedow, next season when Popeye gets super.
I dressed up as Mr. Poopy Butthole and asked Sarah like, why'd you shoot me?
Right.
That's funny.
No, the audience loved it.
Yeah.
So who's going to be on the panel with who's on the on the dais?
I think Dan is right.
You're going to show up for that, right?
Yeah.
If I'm feeling better about my body, but just do head and shoulders with the camera.
There's mirrors all over the green room and just kind of like, and it's it's what it's
just one of those like, that's what I think it's like a bio rhythmic thing, like my body
doesn't look any different to, but I just like my t-shirts like a tarp like laid over
this bowling pin made of like like softening candle wax and like, that sounds like a lyric
and I like, I like, I look in the mirror and I go like, hey, fix that posture that and
then I'll like, go like this and it gets really depressing because it's like, ah, a
fucking monster with good posture, like your belly didn't change shape at all.
It just like moved on the Y axis.
Have you been backsliding with your, with your Dave Klan workouts or?
I don't know.
Well, I don't know.
Certainly.
Well, I, maybe yes, but not through his fault.
I, but you know, there's been, yeah, I'm sure it's like I'm sliding in, in a, in a way
that I'm maybe noticing or whatever.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't want.
He's up.
I'm controlling.
I did want it.
Hey, you didn't answer that question.
I'm going to get to the truth.
Who's on the panel?
You are.
Justin.
I don't know.
Gee, I don't know.
Yeah.
I don't actually know.
Another voice talent.
Is it like not like Ryan Ridley?
Who do you think?
I would, I would assume that it's some voice, voice people, but I don't know how they pick
them and voice people.
Yeah.
It's probably going to be Chris and Sarah and Spencer, right?
I would, I would, you know, yeah, probably not me, but I would hate to be wrong about
that.
All right.
Well, yeah, I said probably somebody you'll be there.
Rob, Rob, if you could ask one question, right, what would it be, Dan, are you coming
into work tomorrow?
Yeah, good.
I like it when you're there.
Yeah.
We got a lot done today.
Kind of two, almost two episodes, almost two stories broken.
Yeah.
Are you working on it?
Yeah, I think I am.
I wouldn't call it working.
Hello.
He has his moments.
Are you a writer, producer?
What are you doing?
I'm not sure.
I just show up until they tell me to get the fuck out.
I don't really know.
We're communicating in this language in the writer's room.
It's like an old married couple, and it's like, I don't, I assume it's bad for the other
people.
Why would that, because there's a showrunner and kind of guy that's deputized, like his
job is to keep the trains running on time, but it's like, but he can't fire me.
And then he's like, and then I'm just doing this bit with Schrab.
I'll tell you what, I'll be like, okay, well, what if, what if the space suit had a thing?
And if it had a thing, don't fucking question me.
If you have something to contribute, fucking pitch something, otherwise shut the fuck up.
I'm just trying to help, man.
If you want to help pitch something, I pitched something a couple minutes ago.
Your pitch was a question was like, why isn't Rick Morty?
And this will go on.
Bitch.
No, there was a question.
For a really long time.
And anyways, it's center.
And it's like, it's kind of like, it's just, it's just a 40 year, 30 years.
It's just, it's just.
How much does a job pay?
I'll let you know at the end of the month.
And I do have to wonder, like, why, yeah, why are you, are you making a living doing
this?
I hope so.
I'm, Kate's going to be really pissed.
I'm like, what about, what about, what about the younger writers that are like, fuck, man.
I'm going to get, get up in the morning and they're like, maybe I went to Harvard.
What the fuck is going on right now?
Like, so wait, so what?
What is this?
Six years of the onion and now this is, he just, he just, he just wanted his husband
at work.
But we, they, they're coming around, they realize that's how we work and we do, we did a good
job today.
Yeah, but well, I wonder if my mind goes back to the note we would get in Milwaukee from
the improv community.
Conference sports or did LS?
Well, but I mean, I feel like, I feel like we would, we got the same note in both, which
goes to show you that we had the problem because one was like, they were very different from
each other, but they both would express to us, basically, like, in the politest way,
it was like, like, it would be nice when you guys are doing something, if you would let
people know what it is and how they can help, like, like, and not just make, like, latch
onto each other and make fun of everything around you in some, like, heavenly creatures,
like, twisted, like, two British girls, like, fantasizing about homicide in the 50s, kind
of, like, vibe you give off, like, it's like, all of a sudden, just talking in diehard references
and there's like, you know, like, a referee, you know, I don't, what, so you recreated
diehard, that's not the theater game, all right.
I remember when I first met you, was it, like, 94?
Probably, yeah, at Milwaukee Comedy Sports Tournament, and I had been in LA Comedy Sports
for, like, I think, like, six months, like, I was pretty new, and I had heard about the
New York Comedy Sports guys, like, Talman and Mike Rock and, like, all the other guys,
and then you guys, the Dead L Wives, and I was so intimidated to meet you and we all,
like, met and wanted to hang out with each other, but we never really talked, we just
kind of stared at our feet and had a drink, but then I saw you guys do the Dead L Wives
show and it fucking blew my mind, it was really, like, oh, like, you can be funny and weird
and not give a fuck about the audience, because you guys truly didn't care about the quality
of what was going on, but that's why it was funny, that you cared about quality in the
right way, which is like, like, we're gonna do what we want.
It just didn't, we didn't know, we didn't have any option of pleasing the audience,
like, we wouldn't know how, so.
But you were signing, like, Skud Books, and I think that's when I first met you, you
were sitting at a little table and you were signing Skud, I didn't know what that was,
and I just wanted-
Most people don't.
Right.
All right.
It's time for a segment.
Oh, shit.
One of your jobs as a host will be to deal with segments.
Okay.
And since you didn't bring music, you have to sing, like, if you want to add a musical
sting to it.
It's time for Spencer to update us on My Backyard B problem.
Oh, okay.
When it's time for Spencer to update you on the piece.
Oh, thank you, Zach.
Four wings, six legs.
Do you guys remember when we tried really hard-
I said musical sting.
That was okay.
And I don't think that got the full credit.
It deserves.
All right.
Go ahead, Rob.
You remember when we spent, like, an afternoon trying to break or figure out, like, how to
do the Austin Powers as a B movie?
We came up with, do I make you honey, B-B?
Oh, my God.
Wait, wait, wait.
Wow.
Oh, B-Hive.
And we were, like, cackling, but we were just like, what would we call it?
What would we call it?
Austin pollen.
That's not nearly as good as O-B-Hive.
Busting.
B-Hive.
O-B-Hive.
Do I make you honey, baby?
Do I make you honey?
Honeymaker.
Stinging water.
Do I make you honey, baby?
Who was there when we did seven hours at the rustic end of about I just got back from so-and-so and my boy on my arms
Tired were you there for that one? No, I wasn't there. That was there
Damn, I don't know. Okay. I don't know. I was there when we spent seven hours
re-enacting what the first submarine was
People built a submarine ago. Okay, we're gonna have to get our best. We have to do what?
We have to wait. We have to get our best
Sailors we get everybody there and we're gonna put them in a lead tube and sink it
I mean their job is to keep the boat up and then I go well
We can't tell them until it's sink and so we keep redoing them like the Navy has trained
These men their entire life
On top of the water you're asking them to go against it every
It's like getting BA on a plane in the A-Team. I
Don't fly Hannibal like
What BA we can't take a jeep to deal with killer ants in the Yucatan
I don't care sucker. I pity the fool who tries to make me fly and then they're like, okay
Have a glass of milk mr. T. You love it
And it's like that's what they had to do with the sailors. They're like, you'll thank us at the fucking nautical Emmys. Yes
Yeah, who is the first I mean, I know that like there was the first people that tried to make a
Submersible thing they were crazy people. They had to determine the first time you built a U-boat or a submarine
And you put a bunch of fuckers on that thing. That's crazy. Yeah, that's murder. Oh, man
I did gentlemen your job is to sink. Yeah
Are you fucking kidding me? This boat is made to sink. I'm not coming near it guys. Don't worry. We've packed
Hey, 30% of this boat is packed with baking soda. Can I ask a little bit at Admiral?
My name is Ensign Davis
I'm noticing there's no sales on this boat. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it was I believe I may be wrong about this
There's probably historians in the audience and things and there's but but I know there is a story about
the
Civil War what there was a con I think they were Confederates if you can believe that those little those little dickens
What are they doing thinking about science?
Well, God said I can own people however we might be able to breathe underwater
Well, wait a minute pick a lane. Oh
We're saying to you is one day. We'll live in a fucking hive mind. Yeah, but we're gonna fight that a little bit
Think about how much you have to love slavery to think that you can breathe on
To it's like being a flat earth or so dedicated to your cause that you
Space program that works because you want to take pictures of the flat earth and you're like
Say cheese you round piece of shit. I
Know you're flat and they're like holy shit. You made your own spaceship. Yeah, fuck you. I'm not a dummy
It's just an accent
There's a lot of smart southern people
Fucking oodles of them. Yeah, it's just a way you talk John Oliver's got a real low-class British accent
What was the first I know this way? I can't think right now. What was the first submersible in the Civil War?
It was like Bathysphere is probably first right which is just on a big crane and so it's not like it's not a
Self-contained it doesn't cruise around but they would use to go underwater and they would go up to like a like a sailing vessel and
Like that's not bombs. Well the Civil War thing. I think was that yet
It was basically like it was it was a higher tech equivalent of six dudes putting a bathtub over their heads and
Carrying a spear with a bomb on the end of it. So they could walk up to ships and like
It's kind of that's it. That's hyperbole. Is anybody in the audience like relatively is anybody here in the civil war like
That's civil war. Do we have any Confederates in the house the guy they kind of blew themselves up
But they also did accomplish like a lot
I think there's a it's a very twisted strange story because there was also a bit of forensics to it like
No one knows what happened down there
They succeeded in their mission and then exploded I think is what it was and no one knows what went wrong
Was there a lot of
Naval battles during the Civil War. Yeah
What was it? I can't yeah, there was a bunch of there was the ironclads and
And there were also submersibles that would go and try to torpedo the it was more about I mean it was it was you're talking
It's like blockades and things because you're talking about supply lines chiefly
You're not you're not like competing for domination of the seas except in the but then again, that's a description of all war
It's just that no there weren't there aren't a lot of famous like water lose happening
On the water. Why did it water loo? I'm like I always pictured water loo. What did water loo the elbow?
Hey, I'd rather you know enough about the
Conquering the seas I want to hear about conquering the bees. Hello. Let's go back. Yeah, we have that intro music
This is all part of that segment
Yeah
Hit it
six legs
Four wings four wings four wings four wings four wings pollen sacks on the knees
Terrian neck cargo. You're the bees knees. You're the bees knees. You're the bees knees mother fucker. Please listen to my
Please they don't know nothing. I'm the flea. I ain't a bee but Paula makes me sneeze
yo
King Kingdom
animalia
Oh
Phylum insect insectoid insect a insect a
Order after Phylum King Philip
Eats pussy with the eats. I think order
Order order order class order class
Order height height height hymen hymenoptera hymenoptera. That's bees and ants
Okay
taxonomy right
Hi, I'm a hymen. I'm a hymenologist
I'm a hymenologist
That's what I'm talking about
It's in session. I'm the hymenologist. I'll remove that shit before you
Spencer what what's the new deal with bees in the backyard? We're getting rid of them just quickly
I looked it up. Wait, but don't ever get rid of the bees. We need bees submarine. No, we don't need bees
That's a common misconception
Call it or what do you call it colony collapse disorder is a natural thing that should be allowed to continue
until all bees are gone
And I won't hear anything else
On the subject. No, but there was a seven-man submarine that yeah, they had a bomb spear
They they sank a ship and then they've got lost before they returned and then they basically
Mission did the monitor. That's what I'm thinking of
Was it an ankle or was it a submersible? I don't know the HL Hunley was the Confederate submarine then they did it again
And the same thing happened. They they sank a ship and the crew all died
Great times. Anyway bees, huh?
Well, the story isn't a good story
I called I called up this this bee man the good bee man
Okay, so last time we talked about the bees
There's this this comical bee man who came and he was hammering on a wall and he wasn't getting too far
It was great. Oh boy. I had a great time. He was collecting where are these bees that live in a tree
What's going on? Oh, they live in a wall Jeff. Okay, there's a retaining wall that holds back some dirt
And behind that wall are just a bunch of bees because there's like a hole
The wall is adjacent to another wall and that wall not the retaining wall has a hole in it
And so the bees crawl in that hole these bees are these the one. Oh, they're the worst. Yeah, they sting you
Holy shit. Have you ever been stung by a bee? I've only no never I've never I've stepped on a bee
And I got stung by stepping on a bee that counts as that's being
That was me getting like stinging a bee by killing it mean I've never I've never had a be maybe maybe the bee
Got stung by your foot. Oh
Shit
He was the true be all along, but this is like a colony of honey bees living in my wall. Yeah, honey bees
But bees never did me any dirt bees are always just fucking minding their biz
But one time I haven't had a whole colony in your house minding their biz
You don't deserve me I don't you don't know deserve minding their biz. That's not great. It's great
I don't know. This is a comedy Spencer. This is the kind of times right now. Yes, I
Don't know. I mean, I don't want to shut your jokes, but I will if I have to
No, I get it. We all get it. I'm a fucking genius
Well, no one can argue that you see how easy this is not comfortable now. I'm just loose as a fucking Christmas
I know you know what I have to go through now. You're fucking. Yeah, you're just torture
You know, this is the podium here that the a little lectern is a fucking curse because it inhibits you they call it old coffin bones
That's what the the the very small community of Comptroller is calling. I know you're jargon down in the galley
I didn't know that you were so hip. I know you're you're your Comptroller slang that you try to use to say say stuff
It's all time to time to go stand in front of old coffin bones. I know that means the lectern
Yeah
Lectern Clyde
Damn
All right, so Spencer. There's a colony of honey bees living in my back. How do you know they're honey bees? Well
They have you like that every which way but loose reference. I just like drop on you
He knows two people in the audience. Hey, yeah, somebody else is over 45
Well, I mean how many kinds of bees are there like most of them are honey bees, right? Otherwise, they're like wasps or some shit
Yeah, there's a bumblebee yellow jackets. Those are yeah, there's those guys. What are actually wasps
We called those bees in Milwaukee. We were just like oh, it's a bee, but those were wasps the yellow jackets, right?
What are you? Well, there's yellow jackets the for what I understand this all great people guessing about bugs
To me the wasps are those giant ones that have the super long limbs and the super kind of extended
Hornets, I would call those wasps, but I don't know
We got a we got a real I would say yellow jackets or hornets basically, but I mean, I don't know
There's not one entomologist in the audience not even like a we don't got a confederates scholar
We've got no entomologists. No confederates. What do you people do?
You're not very specialized
You don't know about bugs and you don't support slavery with the fuck
We're gonna find out what you're good at tonight
What do you think kills you what do you think is the common denominator of these people out here?
I think they're they're all morticians
I don't know. I don't know they seem like nice people. I don't know what I mean that who plays
recreational highlight
Two people two people two people. All right, we're gonna we're getting there. We're we're tracking down a trail of clues over there
It's like guess who?
All right, so yeah, so there's a bunch of honey bees living in the back wall. Yeah, we had a guy out
He was like, uh, you didn't tell me there was a wall. I was like, I definitely told you there's a wall
That happened again. No, no this time around so so before that guy came
We had the guy from this company came he looked like he looked like he was 16
And like I know I must be getting old because I'm like you're an adult you can have a job or something
He's like fuck you and you're like you can be offended by being called young
Yeah, when you're young. Yeah, all right. You have to be really
These bees are concerned like you're worried about what's what's the what's the what's the fucking well
What's the for you guys have the yards come on there to all I know is that these electronic
Dufuses are trying to like run wire somewhere so they can make my doorbell connect to just a gun that shoots me in the face
And and and they're they're I I don't have that I can't look them in the eyes to tell them
They're working on a house that no one lives in anymore and
Because I feel like Allison might I feel like they
Per this is their purgatory. They deserve to work on this house until they die and
And and and so I don't talk to them
But I guess they're stringing wire back there
And they needed to go through a wall and one of the walls had bees in it
So they the only one immediately quit ran away and said enjoy your doorbell
And like they're waiting for us to deal with bees so they can is it around the wire
This is a new house or the old house. I'm not never doing anything like this again at any house I ever live in
You're just gonna get 12 boomboxes. Yeah, you don't have to these guys. These guys are afraid of bees
Why do you got a wire the wall? I don't have to I don't even want to be there anymore be there. He doesn't want to be
there
Thank you
You just want to mind your own business
Hey, is this is this bit work?
Okay, let me ask let me ask let me ask and and tell me if I'm not the first person to do this because this
I'm probably hack. So, okay. It's not called show biz. It's called show for
So far
Hey, hey, hey, buddy. It's not called show biz. It's called show is oh, I fucked it up. No, yeah
I fucked it up. It's not called show friends friendship. Wait now. What does it think where you help me workshop this for comic-con?
It's not called show. It's called show biz not show fun, right? So
Show business is called show fun
Fucked it up again. Yeah way too high. Well because for you it is fun. You got high, too
Yeah, Rob, what is comic-con? How many days from comic-con? It's next week, right? Is it next week?
I think next shit. You gotta get your fucking act together. I get a new someone said 12
What are you gonna wear as the panel? Let's have the audience decide
You have to dress as I dress I was Ryan really but my sunglasses on my head and
My sleeves rolled up and yeah, right wait wait walk me back through the show business joke
Okay, you know, it's like it's it's it's called show business not show fun fun. It's not called show biz
It's called show. That's not even that's not even how I understand that. Yeah, I've never heard people go like
It's not called show friends. It's called show business, right? They don't abbreviate it and they don't say fun. I
Hear fun all the time. I sign folks because it's a constant problem in Hollywood people having too much fun
And it getting in the way of business. No, it's people having friendships. That's the thing that gets in the way
Okay, all right. It's an agent that made up this thing. All right. It's like hey, it's not called show friends
You're saying don't open with this
No, well cuz yours goes backwards and no one
Called show business which it is I
I
Screwed it out. It's called so far. Yeah, I screwed it up
It's like a Steve Martin thing, but it's not you need to you need to take the same Steve Martin absurdism and put it on a
Different area entirely like where you go like, you know, two two two lefts don't make a or two two wrongs
Don't make a right. They make a wrong wrong, you know, like that's the formula do it over there
safer interesting
Okay, if you're if we're gonna do the bee thing
Yeah, I don't think we are
Apparently in the backyard of Dan's house
They don't call it. Oh
He's gonna do a show business
They call it show bees knees
Show bees. I mean, we're just bit balling. We're workshopping. Oh, we're gonna get this right. That's not the final grub. He's knees dr. Beeville
Dock
Dr. Beeville Beeville
Yeah, Dr. Beeville
Right
Okay
Right a
Million dollar oh right the Austin powers a million dollars. Are you doing Carl Sagan $100 a million dollars
$1,000 oh, that's the amount
$100 oh
Shit ten dollars
Million down I was putting his finger in so it's all based on why you put the pinky on your face. Well. Yeah
What is it based on your face? How did your face what what where would you put 75 cents?
Like what's the pinky equivalent of 75 cents? Well, if this is 10
Me a freaking bear is this still possible to find jobs for on on
On YouTube not on YouTube in my apartment
God damn it. You guys who by applause knows what Josh for is
Who by applause knows what piece of anatomy is heavily featured the same people probably about half
I think it was the best thing that's ever happened
We all we were having lunch at home restaurant on Hillhurst and it was the Dan
Rob
Tom and I right maybe maybe Robin Roth
Yeah, we all said let's make
No one had ever seen just for we knew that I think that we knew that
Mario van Peebles wasn't it Michael Cain Michael Cain wasn't it and that's all we knew and then we all said you
meet back at Rob's place at three o'clock and
Everybody make jobs for and whoever gets closest wins
To what we think happened and we because we're gonna watch it. We're gonna watch it all and
We got to Rob's place and I remember knocking on the door because it was the apartment
I used to live inside and I'm knocking the door and I hear Rob laughing and he's so high
You can just you can just feel the weed going on and he's
And
His jaws for Dan came closest Dan actually came closest to the actual story
An animated like really impressive thing. It's super fun
And you kind of got close to what the actual story structure was
Rob put a piece of duct tape on his penis and
made a shark fin
With the numeral four on it
And he put like a little eyeball on the head of his dick
To make a shark called Jaws for and he fucked a lemon or orange or lemon
It was like an orange orange, but it was you know, it came off lemony in the in the and the because you did a color pass on it, right?
So it was like he had two oranges on pencils and one was Michael Cain and one was Catherine Deneuve for no reason yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and
So fucking stone doing
And so we're all sitting around watching this thing and then at one point just four comes in and it's Rob's
Well, first you get to meet Michael Cain who for no reason talks like they
Michael
Find that shock
I'm Catherine Deneuve
And I hope and it's like a orange with a feminine like kissy face on it
And then the Michael Cain one is just like square glass. Yeah, he's got the
The if Chris files get harder like the fucking big so they're on a boat against like this construction paper ocean
That's like
Like before you shut all you didn't go back and edit you're just shooting it like like I was all in camera
Edits camera edits and I could hear you laughing second. I'm almost got it. I've almost got it
And then the shark comes in and it's his dick
And he's got a duct tape
Finn on it. It's Schrab going dur dur dur dur dur dur dur and his and his pants are around his thighs
And his shirts like kind of pulled up like a fucking gross porn star
But your shirt the bare minimum is like going through his own construction paper ocean. It's like
The duality of man-child like like like look I made a whole ocean so I give
My dick is a shark. I was I was trying to get a hard on yeah
But you can't you can't you halfway succeed you can't you can't fluff because you have an impressive penis
And I think it's Sarah Silverman herself. So like like you should be very proud of it
Yeah, but you have to mess it you can't keep a
I'm kind of glad I didn't because it would have been really like
Yeah, but why are you still doing that? I think I don't think it's because you can't you can't fluff yourself while you have
Like you're and it was under pressure. You guys were outside in the hall, but you have a little eyeball
Take like tape like I was losing the light. Yeah, you lose your light. It was it was last look. Yeah
You can't fluff it when you get you you're gonna ruin the costume if you try to fucking fluff it
Yeah, and so you're you're digger. I would give it like I'll say you were kind of like 40% there
Yeah, right and then but then that the final is it a spoiler if I tell you what happens at the end
Yeah, that's a spoiler. No, no, so at the end you hear Michael Kang
And his Rob
Stuffing is now mostly flaccid shark
Jaws for a penis into a hole. He had cut into the orange and
it's him
fucking Michael in
the mouth and
then and then the shark withdraws from the
artificially gouged
Stunt stunt mouth, right? Yeah, he had he had a standby orange with a stunt mouth carved in it
That would be the size. It wasn't the hero orange
And so the and Rob's
flaccid penis withdraws from that hole is a little bit of drip memorably
in 727 20p resolution the TV cameras at the time a slight string of
Either citrus or what have you like briefly connects with the subject from the object
As it withdraws and and it's got cartoon eyes glued on it for its its final shot of the segment as
It was my Schrabs looks at Catherine de Nouve and says mind your own business woman
Finn it's the greatest work you've ever done
Silverman said I want that guy to direct my pilot
That was it that was it the service of the program she chose Rob to direct the service of the program off of Jaws for
that yeah, and that's what started my career as a director I
Forgot that yeah awesome Coda. Yeah, yeah, that's she put it in her book
She put it in her book. She put it in her book. She put it in her book
Yeah, nobody was on the internet yet. It was we didn't we thought it was a hole where you like through
That was a bad that video was ever got in Sarah Silverman's book
That video was on the internet while you are working on Lego to
Yeah, which is just crazy to think about it was also and Comedy Central did this they put it on their front page
Because we just for yeah, what yeah, I think somebody went. Oh, ha ha because it was on
101 for some reason for a really long time and then they and then the Comedy Central
Probably didn't want to they go. Oh, this is a sample of what you know
Sarah looked at to get it and put it up there and then there's this comments going holy shit
Not safe for work
The dick is the fucking the title character
Also, I love the jaws people call the shark jaws or people call Bruce Willis die hard
Even though that wasn't his name. Yeah, his name was John McClane
Well, the whole thing starts with jaws waking up in the morning and there's a roaster crewing and that's when you first see
Rob's dick is the shark and it goes over to a half-eaten bowl
A bowl of cereal only milk and a couple fruit loops in it and and Rob's dick goes. What the hell?
Michael Cain ate all my cereal
Wait, I'm gonna get my revenge
On him because the movie was called just for the revenge
So wait, who's who's the protagonist is it just for is it Michael Cain or Catherine today?
Yeah, that that that that questions the one who changes the most that questions viability is the sign of art certainly does
He changes from not having a dick in his mouth to having a dick in his mouth
Yes, that's true
Michael Cain ate all my cereal
Shut up woman
There's a lot of dialogue that I won't repeat because there's one thing that it's problematic in this
Yeah, but I was talking to Steve Agee like Steve Agee did a channel one-on-one thing
Which I won't even say tell you cuz he wants to go away
We can't talk about it
But it's there's something that he he cannot get off of IMDB of something that he's done that was channel one-on-one
When everything was just fun and now it's like it's the kind of shit that can ruin you and he cannot
He could not expunge that from history. Yeah
Me but like you what was the one where you fucked the baby in the cat? Oh, that's not good again
Yeah, I definitely fucked a baby in the channel one-on-one video
And then they were like hey look at this
And I was like, why are you making everyone look at that?
Cuz you should be fired my wall. Yeah, if that's what I'm doing now
Like yeah, I shouldn't work
Like oh
How are you doing that? Yeah, check it out. I didn't say Siri anything to turn turn your wallet off
Anyways, yeah, recording fun on the Internet
Somebody was actually trying to record that get you busted again
Is TMZ here Roseanne revenge my god Roseanne got fired
Dan got Roseanne fired
They had to take action. How come you fired Roseanne?
They had to take action. How come you fired Roseanne? You don't fire this guy
You guys love Roseanne. Give me a break. There's a fucking liar in this room
Anyways, I know I'm yeah, I'm actually I was thinking it was floating in my pool today
How grateful I am that right right before I became like
Too ridiculously privileged to like be charismatic that though that I got like that send off
It was like no one's ever gonna like you you fucking dork and and I was like oh good
Cuz I was just getting to that point where I would have to either give to charity or feel like a monster
And I'm just floating in my pool going. I don't have to do anything
Everyone picked on me the whole time
At the net the net result I can I can leave that paper trail in my own head
But do you give to charity? No, you're not listening to me
I
Don't have to do anything ever
People are mean like they're mean if you're nice they're mean if you're honest they're mean if you're
People are gross and mean you don't have to love them or trust them
You don't have to live get up in the morning and set your watch by what they give a fuck about like they're not real
They're bad people
So if you accidentally trip over a rock and there's a million dollars under it
You can actually sleep like a baby that night if you don't spend it on cheeseburgers that fall from drones over the poorest neighborhood
I think if you use the audience can take one thing away tonight
It's whatever the fuck then just said right now
True words
Rob you should try pandering to Rick and Morty fans. I mean truly an example of pandering to Rick and Morty fans
Well, you guys are more adorable than mr. Poopy but
Literally just go like oh man, that's more helpful than mr. Meeseeks like they'll fucking lose their fuck
That's what Dan met with this switch like you just go
The gun that shoots portals and people will be like
Why did why did Rob get the job and not Spencer this guy fucking seems ready to roll. Yeah, why would anyone not want me to do that?
You're on deck man. I look I didn't I wasn't part of this meeting. I
Was not being serious. How did this come about who's chosen like who chose I thought Dan
Requested me and
No, no, who?
No, I who would you want? I don't know. I don't care. It was pitched to me and I was like that's fine
Who did it? Well, I said I said there's no such thing as a bad idea
I thought you either did you wanted me to be there with you
Who did who did it before you Rob? Who did last year? Yeah name the last moderate. I don't know
I don't know it's such an honor. You do know don't you where you're researching
I don't remember not by name, but it was just some guy Jeffrey Epstein. Oh boy
I didn't write I didn't wreck. I don't recognize him. He's he's on a really popular show that I don't did they do
Is that why you're doing it this time? I don't know
Yes, I thought you know if my friend wants me there to be with him
I'm gonna I'm gonna try to do my best to support him
Let's bring out Steve Levy. Yeah, get to the bottom of this Steve Levy
Music music
Stephen Levy
Levy
You're gonna crush a comic-con. I'm gonna what you're gonna crush a comic-con. God, what if I what if I do?
This could be your big break. This could be it. This could be a real fucking game changer
Was it your pitch?
Unfortunately, it wasn't my pitch the network came to me and said hey
We've seen Rob Schrab moderate things before we really like that guy. You think he'd be interested and I said, okay
Well, let me check. You got fans upstairs. Well, that's good
That's good
So you're just tolerating my presence. I'm he always is
So
Dan and Justin both approved you doing the moderation totally approved it was an accurate adjust and did and Dan
and
The previous moderator was the impractical one of the impractical jokers. Yeah, just some guy Quinn Brian Quinn
What do you do in my Martin Quinn? I want to be doing some scene into Martin Quinn
Is Mojo Nixon yeah, Martha Quinn
Do you know what I'm eating Martha's muffin? No, Stefan Martha's muffin by Mojo
I'm assuming you're talking about yeah, Stefan Martha's muffin. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Mojo. I met Mojo Nixon once in Austin, Texas
And he was everything you wanted. What are you talking about?
Mojo Nixon if you go Mojo Nixon if you don't get Mojo Nixon then your story could get some fixin
Okay, that that's a good song Elvis is everywhere. Is that a Mojo Nixon song? Oh, he's a music guy
Yeah, don't look at me. I don't know. He's practicing. Who's saying punk rock girl?
That's dead milk man dead milk man. Yes
That one they go. We went to record store. We asked for Mojo Nixon. They said he don't work here
I said if you got Mojo Nixon, then your story could use some fixin. I like that song Stuart
By them, you know that kid Stuart, you know that it goes like that
That was the precursor to Rick from Rick and Morty. I think is it right? Yeah, he sounds just like him
Very good with the aliens
This show is taking flight. No, I know I think this is we're making fucking podcast gold
right you can't create your own crisis and then be the hero
Like if that guy with the mustache was like hey sure nobles that poorly was pretty poorly made
You're like you made the test go up to three Radcliffe's whatever the Radcliffe's who is your
How many Radcliffe's how many Radcliffe's like 2.6 Radcliffe's it's oh, that's a like there was like a
I think that was very interesting isn't that kind of like a funny like a bizarro DC thing where it's like, oh, yeah
What do we call it? We call it like what it's just a name of some dude, right?
Like what is it like when you the clicks that you get guy guy guy guy guy like I'm sure there's like a geiger
He's probably a capitalist and like they have their own geiger because nuclear energy is a modern thing
It's post like this stance, so they're not gonna you they're not gonna measure it and whatever the fuck we do
People really wear the lead song where they put the fucking found lead and make a little bit of hope so to protect their balls
Like they thought that was gonna work
To what extent is that like yeah?
I
Wonder if there's proper actual science to that idea that you're most vulnerable to radiation in your reproductive organs
That makes sense scientifically. Yeah, it certainly couldn't hurt. I don't want to say it makes sense because I don't I think their whole body
Except their dick, you know, who's your favorite? Who is your favorite gravelly voice character?
Obviously the the the guy that looked a little bit like Bill Murray the the guy that was like
Which was a guy though the one of the three the yeah, the I like the guy who shot dogs good
And he's like don't shoot the dogs badly or I'll shoot you badly
Did you wonder why they needed us to shoot the dogs?
Well like to be part of all that I guess it was just and I'm not and I'm not digging it
I'm just like did you think for any part of that where you kind of like I get it because it's sort of like they're
Wanted they want to they want to give you a full portrait of a of a crisis that
happened because people
Reserved political and literal power for their control and then when that melts down if those people aren't responsible
It trickles down to a fucking dog
I I didn't watch the series. Yeah, all right
What went up when it melts down? I listened to my roommate watch it. I
Heard so many dogs getting shot. It was really well done. I'm going out on a limb here by recommending you watch chair noble
It's very good. It's very well done. I
Yeah, I watched it because all of you were watching it. I'm telling you my chair noble is good. I like that quite a bit
Did you like the part where they shot all the dogs? No, I fast forward over it. That's what that makes sense
Yeah, this guy can't watch that. No, I know I can watch people fucking dying horribly, but if they yeah, well, they're asking for it
Okay, so
Levy yeah
are you still a
Good guy. I
I would hope so. Okay. What do Waldron's bachelor party you want to give us?
Give me give me some scandal. Yeah, we went to the
I
Don't know how
Bahamas. Yeah, we went to the Atlantis. We were in Atlantis
What the big-ass water park that yeah, yeah
The one where you see all the commercials and you go down the slides to the shark tanks that who chose that he
Yeah, all right. Yeah, so you there's 20 20 guys there to sell
Well, you went to a water park, but you know, it's all a fancy hotel
What but it's got the big water slide thing you go through a pyramid. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right
Doesn't this water park just seems like a great way to get all the hepatitis. There was a lazy river
Those are so fun. It was actually pretty fun. It's like swimming without trying
Yeah, and they had like little rapids so it felt like, you know, man, that sounds
With the children there was it was it all is it the rapid or is it lazy?
I mean make up your mind river pick a lane Atlantis
Little rapids, but you're lazy. I mean come on
We were we were at the adults hotel and then there are kids
Yeah, the adults and where the lotion goes on. Yeah, never had a real
Uh-uh jealousy of the people on the lazy river at the hotels that boast those
Yeah, but I do like the concept. I wouldn't take it away from anybody, right?
I'd really like to go on an inner tube actual river thing where it wasn't a lazy river
Because actually ironically I think that would play on a lot of my social anxieties because it's not lazy in terms of like
If you're going on a figure eight around a hotel, like you're like am I I'm on the lazy river, but like where's Kyle?
You know Kyle was on the lazy river
Am I gonna be uncool if I like
Back splash so I slow down for Kyle and he's gonna be like dude. It's a lazy river. Don't be clingy
Yeah, you know like like and oh do I knew am I supposed to speed ahead and maybe I'll lap Kyle and then like
I actually had a business trip. There's eight kiles and then you're like who why this is no lazy
Yeah, this is an exercise and we got shot down at different times
So I actually was like oh am I gonna are they gonna get too far ahead of me?
I paddled but for some reason in my mind that would be way more doable if you're on our actual river because then it's like
You'd be like oh man
I'm way behind or I'm way ahead and there is no like kind of you're like well
That's that's analogous to is it lazy all year long. I mean like if like there was a CSI in Miami
Where the a shark from one of the shark tank at one resort casino
Somehow ended up in the lazy river of another casino hotel
That was the that was the cold open call in shark attack in the lazy river
It's like one of the sharks was transplanted into what from one casino what show was this other?
I think it was CSI Miami because it was like there's no way a shark
Right then he ended like going like looks like you know, I don't know what he would have said
We're gonna need a bigger. We're gonna need a lazier lazier boat
Yeah
But I was like wow now I get what if this if this is every episode of this fucking show
Oh, but wait was in Las Vegas if why was CSI Miami in Las Vegas?
Never mind
Probably a different show. Why was it? Why did the Brady Bunch go to Hawaii? It's fucking
Tower in Las Vegas. Hello. Why did the
golfer wear two pairs of pants in case he got a hole in one
What damn he was ready for that. Oh well
Oh, yeah, how is how is y'all's fourth of July? Did you guys talk about that talk about that earthquake?
We didn't talk about either of those things talking about no earthquake
Rollin earthquake man ready for that big one seven point one one
I I spent all day. I spent all morning Saturday going through
Kate and I's emergency kits
Where did I do? Where did you keep your emergency kit damn?
I'll tell you what my emergency kids I got a gun. I'll shoot the danger. I'll shoot the
Tectonics
Shoot him with my gun
Hello earthquake
Never shoot seven point one. I got a 45. I'm gonna shoot you
Seven point one shoot you and right
I'm the
You guys laugh but Dan has so much water stored up
Like you're gonna run out of your fucking bags of water in like 20 minutes
but isn't all that water like just
Unhealthy because it's like been sitting there in five gallon plastic jugs forever. Yes. Oh, yeah
You'll certainly die of cancer instead of in the apocalypse
I'll be the I'll be an old man on the porch telling us and as before the
Uh, new california republic started their double reconstruction
Like but I'll have like a tumor the size of an eggplant in my shoulder from drinking like
You can take your gun out and shoot your cancer
They say there's the two kinds of earthquakes
I was saying that was fucking good, man. Oh, thank you. That was a fucking solid
You are so you're gonna burn you're gonna rock it at the fucking comic con
Thanks. Thank you so much nail it. Thank you so much. You are fucking killing it, bro. Man. Thank you. You're leaving it
You're killing killing it. Thank you. I don't know. Thank you
They say there's two kinds of earthquakes
There's like the rumbling rolling thing where you're like sitting there swaying
Which is the only kind I've ever experienced because I got here just after the north ridge quake
And the but the north ridge quake
Is the other kind right jolter where it just goes boom and like you're like people fly out of their beds
You were around for that. What was that like? Oh, man. What was that like for you, man? Dude, I would fucking own that one
Yeah, right
Tell me tell us of the north ridge quake. Yeah
What what what time of day was it was it nighttime or daytime? Well, we weren't here yet, huh?
Daytime there was one where I was in the shower and nearly broke my neck where I
Like it jolted and I like the completely like took a spill in the shower
And got up and it just everything was just warping and bending. That was a fucking bad one. That might have been north ridge
That would suck that would suck. No, no, no, that was the wittier narrows
I lived in wittier for the wittier narrows one and that was like we were pretty close to the epicenter of that one
and uh
I remember driving to
school that day
And I looked at
Buildings and all the glass and the windows was just waving. It was really wild. No, okay answer some
No
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
God, that was a no.
What's that, sir?
These fucking stools are the most uncomfortable.
They didn't give you pieces of shit.
You suck at this as a shit.
You fucking terrible fucking, give me a stool.
Listen to these things.
70 episodes can't get cushions on the goddamn chair.
We probably took those from like the other show.
We've always used those.
Nobody's supposed to be sitting in those longer than an hour.
All right, go ahead, Dan.
What are you saying?
A high chair for pain.
Well, here's a new segment.
It's called Dan Harmon's Earthquake Suppositions.
Music stink.
Dan Harmon's Earthquake Suppositions.
Yeah.
Yeah, you know.
OK, all right.
Good theme song.
I think this segment's going to be coming back just for the.
Yeah, this already has legs.
It might be one of those.
We'll end it.
We'll end the segment, too.
Here's a couple of things in my old age
that I've come to assume about earthquakes.
Number one.
How many are there, by the way?
I don't know.
Sorry.
But we can say seven.
And if I got a riff, you want to count it down.
You want to count it up from one, two, two.
Let's do seven.
Dan Harmon's seven Earthquake Suppositions.
Hit it, Zach.
Do you ever have six suppositions about something?
Guess what?
You just got a plus one.
Earthquake Suppositions.
Yo.
My name is Mad Dog Johnson.
I just got out of the joint.
I'm going to rake.
What?
Why did they let Mad Dog Johnson out?
Wait, what was Mad Dog Johnson in for?
I don't know.
But was it rape?
I think if you were listening to that theme song,
I think what you heard is commonly known in the audio
industry is that was a glitch where you're actually hearing
a tail on a recording session, where sometimes the theme song
for a segment actually also was used by a record label
for what they call walk-ins.
And I guess the Mad Dog Johnson, I guess you heard a little more
than we bargained for.
When you buy your segment themes in bulk,
you end up with a couple pig anuses in your calamari.
The cheaper it is, the more it is, the same shape.
And then it's like, I guess that's what we were hearing there.
And I don't know if it'll be in the final edit.
But yeah, I have the same questions as you.
Why did they let him out?
How did he make parole?
Why was he?
I'll put myself on the shoes of Mad Dog Johnson.
If I've just gotten released from prison,
I'm certainly not going to rap about.
I think my upcoming rape.
And that's the other question, of course,
is that what he said?
I'm going to.
It was kind of solid.
No, it's certainly what he said.
It's Mad Dog Johnson.
Was he like second guessing it?
The thing is, I actually just went through the court files.
Raise up my marriage.
He was only in prison for tax fraud.
But he got institutionalized, and now he's
going to go out and commit a series of horrible crimes.
That's why it's important to know what he was in for.
Because we don't want to judge convicts if they got out.
But if he was in for tax evasion,
and he got out for good behavior,
then there's probably a misunderstanding happening here.
Mad Dog Johnson.
He just admitted he was going to go rape people.
But if he was in for murder, and he wasn't supposed to get out.
Yeah, it informs everything.
Yeah, well, look.
Revolving door.
We buy in volume here.
All right, so anyway.
The segment is Dean Harmon's Top 7 Earthquake Suppositions.
Top 7 Earthquake Suppositions.
All right, number 7.
Number 7.
We're coming in at number 7, Dan Harmon's Top 7
Earthquake Suppositions.
I suppose.
This is number 7.
Yeah.
OK.
That if you're going to die in an earthquake
by something falling on top of you,
that that's also how you're going to wake up.
In my 30s, I was very scared about, oh god, the big earthquake.
And it's like, oh my god, shit can fall on you.
And now in my 40s, I'm kind of like, wait a minute.
There's two kinds of earthquakes.
There's like rock and roll.
And those are damaging.
We see the grocery stores and like the fucking regus
falling everywhere.
Fatalities can occur in the rolling thunder thing.
I mean, that is a huge amount of fucking motion and energy.
When I think of all the lost ragu.
But the earthquakes that result in, I think,
in disasters like global, where things are collapsed.
This is my supposition, because I didn't research it at all.
This is my supposition, is that those society profits.
We have six more of these, you guys.
Six more.
Who made that fucking straw sound?
Who did that?
Who went, come on, own it and say, OK, was that critical?
Or were you kind of like, I don't want to tell you what
to tell me, but if you can just pretend that it was saying.
Nobody did anything.
No, he's raising his finger.
He's being, we're, and it was like, it's OK if it was mostly.
Can you do the sound again, because I missed it.
I missed it, too.
Yeah, OK.
Half of that's a lot of drinking.
That's what I wanted to hear, is that I'll own one half of it.
Is that you were kind of like, Jesus Christ,
this fucking fat idiot.
But I want you to just pallbear the other half,
where you're like, also, I've had a lot of coronas.
I'm like, I don't need this.
Yeah, fucking bros, see?
OK.
I just needed that.
What was the sound that you heard?
All right, let me get back to my fucking thing.
It was like an exhale.
I think that in an earthquake that's
going to fucking kill you by dropping shit on your head,
I'm not saying don't prepare for earthquakes.
I'm just saying, in a nihilistic sense,
I think what they're not telling us
is that when the earthquake's that big,
like no amount of shoes and flashlights next to your bed
are going to stop you from having a cinder block on your head.
That is how you wake up in an earthquake that kills you,
is the thing that kills you.
You're waking up dead because the cinder block is on you?
And I say that optimistically, because I think
a lot of our worst nightmares are thoughts of where people
are like, because we hear survivors' horror stories.
Number six.
OK.
Thank you.
And now are we?
Because you're sobering me up, and you're moving it on,
and we're like, yeah, we need each other.
I could use a guy to kick my ass around here.
And it should be my shadow self.
I can only see your silhouette, but you're basically
me, except you're less afraid of the color turquoise.
Like, that's all I know about you.
Like, I'm just like, I could never take that risk.
Like, that's too outgoing.
And you're like, I'm not on stage.
I don't care.
Turquoise.
Give me a turquoise shirt, you fuck.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Is it even turquoise or are we kidding?
I'm kidding.
Number six.
OK, number six.
Fuck, I think I'm out of them.
OK, all right, number six.
You can do a speed round from six to two.
Number six, there's no such thing as earthquake weather.
That's not a thing.
That's pop size.
Number five.
Number five, the thing that you really need to be afraid of
is called liquefaction.
It's when you're in a moisture area, then dry,
because earthquakes can then create instant quicksand that
will suck your body or house or golf cart instantly down.
Or golf cart.
Into the earth.
And as quickly as it happens, the dirt reconstitutes this dirt.
You are fucking Han Solo'd alive.
And it's going to happen to Portland.
I think Han Solo was Han Solo'd alive, too.
OK, well, that's just a supposition.
Number four.
Number four, earthquakes.
Number three.
OK, we're sipping along now.
I almost breathed out.
Earthquakes are like when people start worrying about
aftershocks, as long as the next one isn't bigger, you're done.
If the first one didn't destroy anything,
and then the second one is smaller than the first one,
take that string off the back of your TV.
Fucking ride bareback for a while.
Well, watch HBO with like a fucking unearthquake proof TV.
What the fuck is the string on a TV?
Who puts a string on a TV?
You guys don't have an earthquake proof TV.
I've never been more embarrassed for you in my life.
You have a string on your TV?
You're supposed to tell him to fuck no, but I'm just.
All right.
OK, but this guy started the sentence by meowing earlier,
so I'm not going to fucking take earthquake prep.
There was an earthquake, and then remember when they said,
like, that was a foreshock, not an aftershock,
because the next one was bigger.
Yeah.
And we were like, fuck, that was the time to panic,
because it was like, is this a foreshock?
It could be.
We won't know until the next one's even bigger.
Where do you put this?
But if the next one's smaller, you
can jump into a lattice of jumper cables
that are all gingerly arranged to only make contact
with the leads that touch your body.
Where do you put the string on the TV,
and what are you putting the string?
You're supposed to just anchor your tippable furniture
to the wall with a screw and a stud.
This is especially for people that have kids and pets,
like because a relatively non-disasterous earthquake
can tip a bookcase, which can be a, this isn't funny, Steve.
I'm looking at Spencer.
He's leading it.
Wait, what?
I'm not, this isn't easy to agree with, you.
I do nothing.
I've had a great time.
Number two, we are two away from the Dan Harmon's top seven
suppositions about earthquakes.
Dying.
And the number one earthquake supposition.
The important things to have for an earthquake have less,
you should have condoms and a lot of shoes.
I truly think a gun is a good thing,
because then you just roll into a fucking store
and be like, give me all the stuff.
It's an earthquake.
I need this for my family.
Have you ever fired your gun, actually?
No.
He's afraid that it'll explode.
I cleaned it.
It's a deadly weapon.
It's supposed to explode out the barrel.
Right.
That's what my.
You're afraid that you cleaned it wrong?
You might have.
I'm saying cleaned it wrong.
Why did you clean it if you haven't fired it?
I always wanted to clean a gun.
I never wanted to fire one.
What kind of gun is it?
It's a Glock.
Clean.
And broken, I'm sure of it.
Clean and dangerous.
All right, number one earthquake supposition,
I just learned that gas lines have
earthquake sensors on them.
Yeah.
Dan's hot water went out, and we didn't know why.
And I called a guy, and he was like,
I'm going to check your earthquake sensor.
And I was like, the what now?
And he's like, yeah, all these houses,
they got earthquake sensors on them.
And I was like, well, that's the great idea, actually.
And it turns out that the electronics guys
were jackhammering or some such on the outside walkway
to lay some cable.
And that tremor sensation tripped the earthquake sensor
and turned off the gas to the house.
It didn't turn off with the earthquake sensors.
Imagine those poor earthquake sensors.
Yeah.
That story, those guys, imagine that Pixar movie.
Earthquake sensors, exclamation point.
Did you know earthquake sensors have a secret world
of their own?
And there's a one for one analogy of a lot of the problems
that you and I have.
And Tony earthquake sensor is like the earthquake sensor
that cried wolf.
He's like, guys, guys, there's an earthquake.
And it's like, wha wha, as the Randy Newman song starts,
it's like a reveal that yet again, it's just a guy installing
cable, oh, you got a tender touch.
Oh, you got a sensitivity.
Oh, you're the first to know about my love for you
because, you know, you got a hair trigger for you
and you for me.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Oh, the Council of Earthquake Sensor Elders
will now review the case of Tony once again.
Eye roll, eye roll, eye roll.
I'm a professional sensor, and I'm
picking up on your eye rolls.
Yeah, that's not ironic.
You pick up on, yeah, OK, never mind.
We'll workshop that bit.
We should pick up on more stuff.
Yes, we should have less of an eye roll.
Yes, OK, fucking, let's be on the same team.
Tony, come forth and explain yourself.
Hey, guys, come sorry.
Look, I really thought the earth was shaking
and my job was to turn off the gas.
Who was celebrities voicing Tony?
Bill Hader.
Bill Hader, all right.
And then they're like, Tony, we sentence you
to re-education camp.
You will follow the unused gas lines that run underneath.
Oh, dear.
So I'm sorry.
When I hear camp and gas, I went to, yeah.
No, you should.
This thing is not here to.
Yeah, it's not called show friends.
Yeah, OK, OK.
Go ahead.
It's Pixar.
You weren't a character in the movie.
You were like the producer watching a screen test.
Oh, I'm Jack Wapke going, whoa, boy.
Holy shit, why didn't we catch that?
My family died in the Holocaust.
Yikes.
I'm so proud of it.
There's a deep cut, but there was a community season
that was on Yahoo.
And there was like an episode where
like Steve Gutenberg played this guy that was like a producer.
And there was this whole thing about this movie
Abed made, and my favorite thing was that there's
the second act that is like Steve Gutenberg
guys, this producer character watching on a laptop,
the kind of like the Abed movie.
And I just love like the discovery of like,
he should be really into it.
Like there's nothing.
The story doesn't have to turn on him being like,
he's like, he's like, we just got all these like reactions
from Gutenberg like watching this movie that Abed made.
And he's just like, oh, oh, oh, God.
And it's just to me, it's really funny
because it's vulnerable and funny.
It's like comedy where it's like everybody wins.
Like he's really into the movie.
So what is the Tony, the sensor act one?
Well, OK, so I want to do a little retconning here
because I got a little, it's like,
I think they sentenced him to be like a sprinkler
sensor or something.
And he, but then there's an actual emergency.
So there's a real earthquake.
And no one will listen to him.
We know that story.
Because he's cried wolf to me.
But then because of where he is positioned,
like, so he's been sent to be a sprinkler sensor.
And he, so he is actually privy to the fact
that an earthquake is coming.
So these are like a fun like action movie thing,
like what's it called, San Fernando with the Rock
or whatever he's like going.
San Andreas.
Yeah, it's like, he's, I thought it was more local.
San Fernando.
With the Rock.
The decommissioned roller rink is not
going to have enough arugula unless I rescue my girlfriend.
I've got to get past this film development lab.
San Fernando jokes.
It's a movie that introduced the world to San Fernando
Boulevard culture.
San Fernando Boulevard.
That famous Boulevard.
All right.
Street, what is it?
What are you?
So now there's a real emergency.
He works now as a sprinkler sensor.
So there's an earthquake coming.
And it's like the earthquake has to,
I do not want to do a Bugs Life here,
because I stopped watching Bugs Life when it was like, wait,
you mean the fucking protagonist caused the problem?
Like, that's going to send him.
And that's like, like, like, like, no, I don't know likey.
Like, I was like, I'm not going to watch a bunch of bugs
go through a lot of shit that challenges them,
because Dave Foley's character did something wrong
and then was like, guess we got to do a thing now.
Well, yeah, clean up your messes, baby.
Isn't that like risky business?
Didn't Tom Cruise do something wrong
and he had to fix his own problem?
No.
No, sir.
No, Tom Cruise is risky business.
His parents are leaving and they're like, be a good boy
or whatever he's.
I mean, his thing has nothing to do with it.
He creates a crisis of his own design
and has to grow up and fix his own problem, doesn't he?
Yeah, but he didn't like make his parents leave town.
But maybe that's why they left town,
because I fucking want to hang out with Tom Cruise
all the fucking time.
That would be a less enjoyable story.
That's why.
I was like, oh, he fucked up.
I've never seen Bugs Life.
What did Dave Foley do in Bugs Life that created his own problem?
I feel like he like forgot to put out the grasshopper bird
seeds.
No, no, they're collecting all the food.
And then he fucked it all up and all went into the river.
Yeah, it's like, you dumb fuck.
And then he's like, well, boy, I guess I got to be willow now.
You're not willow?
God damn.
All right, anyways, whatever.
OK, so stick with me.
You'll write a million movies.
I suck.
I suck worse than anything.
That's why I'm so cynical.
All right, can we get back to what we were talking about?
Sprinkler sensor, now we've got.
OK, so the sprinkler sensor, like, yeah.
Oh, I want to be careful here, because I
want to make sure you resonate with this character.
You want them to be like.
He's been demoted from earthquake sensor.
So they know the earthquake's coming.
And then it's like, they fuck.
I mean, we've got to put a pin in some stuff here.
But I'd skip to the idea that what ends up happening,
because I like this device I created,
is there's like an ancient, there's a lower tech.
Back when California was still being tamed.
Excuse my belching.
There was like, the water and the gas
and the used to come in the same tubes.
And there was less room for alarm.
It's like a regression to a more primitive world.
And you got John Houston from Chinatown.
He's talking about how like.
It's like flushed away meets Chinatown, meets Rango.
What's the guy?
What's the lizard?
Yeah, yeah.
Johnny Depp played Rango.
That had some problems that you could fix with this.
I like the tone.
And then he's like, oh man, I can't believe I'm in a deeper
tube.
So now that he's been demoted from high tech
to more analog, more old tech.
But that puts him more in touch with the actual.
So he just wants to contribute.
So he's like always going like, hey, something's shaking.
And they're always telling him, hey, pick your battles.
Your job's not to like rock the boat.
And he's like, but I'm an earthquake sensor.
And they're like, yeah, you can't just see earthquakes
everywhere.
So then a real earthquake, I think
it's got to be him actually being like, oh,
that can't be an earthquake.
And for that reason, he bothers to show up for work
and no one else does.
So there's like a kind of Simon Peggy kind of like,
shot of the dead thing where you're like, he's naive.
For a segment, you're kind of like, oh, that poor guy,
he doesn't know that there's been an evacuation, home alone.
And so that's why he ends up like the only earthquake sensor
in a community where it really needs to be sensed.
What's the meeting with the goddess here?
Where are we at in the story arc right now?
I mean, the meeting of the goddess
is he senses an earthquake, isn't it?
I think it's that he senses the destruction
of a new unlikely family that he builds in a new community.
So you have to think about, what is
the opposite of an earthquake sensor, aesthetically,
and maybe not, if not purposefully?
There's no such thing as an earthquake sensor
on the earthquake side.
Earthquakes don't have their own sensors.
An earthquake sensor?
Yeah.
Could there be a character that is the earthquake?
Can you anthropomorphize the actual earthquake?
It could be earthquake.
Like fern gully.
Well, you could in the form of someone
with a mental disorder that was like
a human earthquake, like a character earthquake.
They're unpredictable.
They're uncontrollable.
And so what our protagonist is learning
is it's not about the false dichotomy of alarmism
versus stagnation.
It's about mirroring and sensitivity.
He needs to become a person's sensor.
And when he thinks that there is a crisis,
it's true, but it's not a zero sum game in terms
of whether or not everyone needs to do something.
He needs to realize that he's the most sensitive earthquake
sensor of all.
But there has to be something that he was not sensitive to,
that he has to become more sensitive to about himself
or about somebody that's important to him.
His own self-esteem, maybe?
Maybe, yeah.
Yeah.
Or maybe like his mother or some other character.
He realized that my job is to be sensitive,
and yet look how insensitive I've been to the people that
matter most to me.
I told Spencer today that my therapist asked
me to start taking showers.
We got the same, me and Dan have the same therapist.
We're at the same wall in therapy now.
He started seeing my therapist.
But my therapist is like a super person that I was like,
man, she saved my life.
But I think she's just hitting that wall
because she's like, god, damn, this dude's perfect,
except he's fucking dirty and gross.
We've got nothing, no bubble left to pop.
Well, she's saying, because I have another client coming in,
and you need to start taking showers,
or I have to start buying more for breeze.
It started with a UTI conversation,
where I was like, I got a UTI, and she's kind of like,
what were you at, a fucking weird public pool
in the middle of a fucking dump?
And I was like, well, I don't know how I got a UTI,
and she's going to like, how many showers do you take?
I was kind of like, where's this going?
God damn.
Can I ask how many showers you take?
I take a shower every time I work out.
I work out every other day.
That is 10,000 times more showers
than I ever have taken in my life.
Because there's been times when you've gone weeks and months
without a shower.
And people are shocked by that.
And then I started working out, and I'm like, oh, now
I don't mind taking a shower.
Because after a workout, I'm like, jeez,
I don't want this to be the case.
And then I have this almost inarticulable outrage
that I know is now unfashioned anymore.
But it's this idea of people being like,
it's OK that you're fascinated by like, oh, what?
You don't want to take a shower.
But will you just like fucking think
about how much you want to take a shower, which is probably
a lot if you're doing it all the time,
and that's not an accomplishment?
You're not like fucking disciplined.
Fuck you, you fucking shower addict.
You're just a fucking shower person.
You don't get a medal for that.
But you also don't get shit on it for that.
I'm never like fucking shower people.
Actually, problematically enough, as I was developing,
yeah, I was like fucking shower people,
which is like that's a whammy you
don't want to put on a guy that can fucking hurt you or help
you.
And now I'm like, I think it's like I'm working out
every other day.
So I'm like, this is like a million times more showers
than I've ever taken.
And now my therapist is like, she's like,
I'm trying to explain to her.
I'm like, look, man, if you're hanging out,
you know if you wake up in the morning
and you're like, I can't believe my body's
been in this dirty bed for eight hours.
I'm so proud of you for feeling that way
about your dirt level when you wake up.
And I'm so extra proud of you for like having that carrying
you like a fucking black stallion to the fucking Kentucky
Derby.
Your destiny lies in you going into your tiled room
of your choosing and turning that knob
and just rubbing that water all over you.
I mean, wow, I mean, if you're not a fucking hero,
I don't know who is.
Wait a minute, I'm being sarcastic.
Shower in my sarcasm.
It's as available as the fucking water
that you are not remarkable for desiring
to be cascading over you.
I find it to be fucking weird.
I'm like, if I haven't wrestled with a turd
in the last eight hours, I'm waking up in a clean bed.
Wrestled with a turd?
You've never wrestled with a turd?
I didn't jog.
I'm not feeling dirty.
I'm not doing this thing.
And I'm like, it's just, I'm not, it's not, it feels,
I'm going to go into this cold tiled room, which
looks like the jigsaw room.
Everything's tile and it's clinical.
Your dogs don't go in the bathroom.
You know why?
It's like a vet's office.
You never said to your dog, get out of the bathroom.
Your dog has a natural aversion to the bathroom.
They're like, that seems like where you get cut open.
But your new house has some really beautiful.
Yeah, and I'll probably take a million showers,
and then I'll be president.
And that'll make me a great person.
You've like, the jig is up, people.
I know you're full of shit.
I really think, I really think people who take showers
are more disciplined, though.
Like, I think out of all the things that you could say,
I think they're definitely, it's like, you know,
the military, it's like, oh, you got to make your bed
when you get up at, like, I think it really is,
like, this regimen that they're, like, resigned to.
They just have good habits.
Right, yeah.
That's what discipline is.
It's a habit, it's a good, yeah.
So it's like, who fucking cares?
So I got a habit that looks different from your habit,
but then the people with the, they're like,
so don't you think you, don't you think maybe you're,
you don't have my habits because you're unhappy?
That could very well be true, man.
Like, I, like, that's definitely worth peeking into.
Let's talk about neglect and, like, I assume, like,
like, maybe taking your body into a fucking weird
operating room and, like, spraying it with water,
just so you can, like, dry it back off,
get on the bus and have a fucking dude with a crew cut
go, like, whoa, fucking, like,
nerd faggot took a shower, dude, gimme five.
Man, I, I, like,
I'm positive that the fact that I'm not into that,
like, means I'm unhappier than you.
I, like, great.
Unpack it, it will.
But, like, but, like, stop patting yourself on the back.
Wait, did you just say stop?
He said Schrab.
Oh, Schrab.
Well, fuck you for saying either.
Like, that's a weird, or anything.
Like, it's just saying ketchup would be a bad idea.
That would be better.
Is it the act of starting the shower
and crossing that threshold, like,
the effort it takes to start the process
of getting into a shower?
Yeah.
Or is it, or do you not like the actual.
That's what I think the discipline comes from.
Do you not enjoy the actual hot water,
like, raining down on you?
I do, I do, if, if, if the alternative is being covered
in sweat and dirt.
Okay.
Then I'm like, I wish this was off of me.
Time to solve that problem.
With water all over my body.
I don't feel that way about, like.
Lollie's the same way.
She does not, like.
That's an obstacle.
She does not, like,
being in the bathtub, getting a bath.
She hates it, she hates it, she hates it.
But once it's done, she's super happy.
She's running around.
Okay, so. She's smiling.
She's.
So is that everyone, or is Lollie just me?
Is everyone here going, like, I hate it too.
I hate it too, but I still do it, little trooper.
No.
Every morning I take that bullet.
You don't do shit that requires anything of you.
You're not a tested person.
Lollie every day.
But you also have a, you have a fiance,
and a girlfriend, and a lover of your life,
and don't, don't you want to be clean
when you guys are making Smoochie Towns?
Yeah, and I don't, I don't, I don't,
I don't, I'm conscious of that.
Like, I don't, like, yeah, I don't.
You, no more bubble baths, you had a bubble bath phase
where you were no more bubble in your baths.
You don't do that anymore?
No, not lately.
Yeah.
But you're pretty excited about bathing for a while.
Yeah, that's true, yeah.
And then you put your butt too close to the, to the jet,
and you're.
It's true.
Greatest hits?
And you, you feel, you feel just up like a water balloon.
Early accident.
You've all been there.
You enimized yourself all over the fucking shirt.
I'll never forget the text.
He goes, Jeff, I, I flew a little too close to the sun.
Yeah.
It was, it was bad.
You're the, you're the Icarus of, of masturbating
to a jacuzzi jet.
I remember like running over to the toilet,
and I sat on it, and it was like,
I just heard like this bucket come out.
And I was like, Holy shit, that's what anenoma is.
Like, cause then it was done.
And I was like, well, it's not bad.
That is what anenoma is.
I guess that's what that really is.
Yeah, no, no, that is what it is.
But it was also, there was a residual kind of like,
like, like, like violation.
Yeah. Like, like that's not.
Oh, so you, you didn't empty yourself in the bathtub.
You actually made it to the toilet.
Yeah. Well, that's the thing is that like,
the little, my sphincter, my sphincter relaxed enough
to let it in.
Like for all of a sudden just I flood,
like it's like, it filled instantly.
And then the moment it felt something,
it snapped shut, I assume.
So it wasn't like, I could sit in the bathtub
and be like, like, and release.
It was like, I was like, ah, ah, what happened?
What happened?
And I, and it puckered up and like kept it.
And then I sat on the toilet where my anus
must have felt like safe to like,
it's like, this is how we do things.
And then it just like let out this like,
unprecedented torrent that I,
but it sounded healthy.
But it was like, it was like,
not a sound to you associate with your butthole.
It was just like a bunch of water coming out.
And I was like, oh, paint, paint me.
I'm so French paint for us.
Paint for us the physical picture of what led up that
you are on your hands and knees with your butt
against the edge of the, the edge of the tub.
And there's a jet going into your butt.
Yeah.
And you're masturbating because you're getting
tantalized with the, with the jet.
Yeah.
And then you press,
cause I remember you saying for a few days,
like I found out that the best thing in the world,
I just put my butthole next to the thing
and it teases your.
Tickles the room.
I can see what this bathing thing is all about.
I finally get it.
That is what, yeah.
But then you, as you said, I am on record there.
Like Icarus, you flew so close to the sun
and your, your feathers melted and you
fucking put your butt.
It's ironic because I start my, my, my, my Kinsey
like scale started to like probably drift.
You know, I was like, Hey, maybe you're a guy
that likes a little bit of butt play.
Like, like, like who the fuck, like, like,
like it doesn't put you in a category of people.
You're just a dude taking a bath and like it allowed me
to be like, yeah, what the fuck?
We're all different.
Who cares?
Like what's the line between?
And then, and then the irony is that I got comfortable.
I was like, I don't have any, I don't have enough shame
to keep my little keister tight as a little drum.
I was just like, like, like, like,
it's probably like a sign of like, you're vulnerable
and you're like, you know what, this makes me feel good.
Open.
Wow.
And then it was like, like, yeah.
I think I just think that's poetic.
I know it's not a, there's no moral to that story,
but I like that geometry.
There's certainly a moral to that story.
Well, because my therapist had said to me recently,
I thought this was a really powerful lesson.
I think I might probably mention this in the podcast,
but when I was going through this like writer's block thing
and I was like procrastinating and stuff
and she said something really important to me
because there was just a series of weeks that went by
where I was like, you know that thing I said
I had an epiphany about last week, about writing
and how I just need to do this and that, uh-huh.
Yeah, and then I was absolutely positive of that
when I walked out and then I went and did the same shit.
Again, yeah, I did, yeah.
But it was like, she made sure, like,
because she made sure that that was the place
where I could always say that,
so I would never stop saying it.
So it was like, first of all, she had to make sure
that my brain understood that this is the place
where you come and say, whether it's five times in a row
or a thousand times in a row,
I walked out of here thinking I know how to write
and I went home and I didn't write
and I did the same fucking shit and I self-distracted
and I ended up not writing anything and I'm back again
and it's the same story as last time,
even though then we had a 45 minute conversation
about how it's all gonna change and then I did it again.
And that she created this avenue
where I could walk to my fucking little heart's content
in that direction and like the fourth time
I was in her office going, like, I did it again
or it is again or it is again and this time I said,
but you know what, it's making me think that,
you know what I think I'm doing wrong
is that I need to do it this way instead of that way.
And she said, you know what I think you're doing wrong
is that you think that you know how to do it right
and that makes you not sit and accept
doing it wrong and like the pressure you put on yourself
to be the guy that knows how to do it
is gonna keep you in an eternity of trying to get it right
and you're gonna be continually confused
that you got it wrong again and here's what I hear
when you say to me, you did it wrong again
in spite of all odds, I hear that we're on to something
because we decided last two weeks ago that like,
oh, it's all about this or that.
I think whatever makes you fuck up is scared.
It's like, you don't walk away from die hard
because the time lock engages.
Like, you know you're almost there.
You need to drill further.
It's like, that's another way of saying,
forgive yourself for fucking up
as you have like cited the thing you wanna change
about yourself, not changing overnight means you're at the
you're at the site of the construction.
Like you're at the spot where a wall needs to be a door.
Fucking idiots.
But then she was like, why do you have dirty dick disease?
Why don't you take a shower, you fucking faggot.
Clip hanger.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
You're Comptroller, Rob Trob.
Yeah.
No, you keep going.
I don't know what to do.
Goodbye to you and goodbye to Steve Levy
and goodbye to Spencer and goodbye to Dan.
Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye from Harmontown.
Harmontown is brought to you by Harmontown.
What are you looking for, Harmon?
Go to Harmontown.
I can't smoke before the show.
It's gonna be a good Comic-Con.
Rob Trob, everybody, we'll see you all very fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.